Your sleep is interrupted by someone shaking your shoulder.

Stewardess: Sir, wake up. We'll be landing shortly.

You look up at the stewardess. The blonde smiles and shows you her snow-white teeth.

Mark: What time is it?

Stewardess: It's quarter past midnight. Local time.

Her hand is still on your shoulder.

Mark: You can go.

The stewardess walks away, swaying her hips.

Soon, the airplane begins its descend and you feel the pressure in your ears slowly increase. The hum of the engines deepens, and you feel a slight vibration of the floor when the wheels make contact with the ground.

In your mind: Finally.

You wait for the plane to come to a complete stop and go to the lavatory to freshen up. The cold water quickly brings you to life.

Yep, that's you. The name is Mark, but many people call you Mr. Jett. You graduated from a top university (thanks to your father's money) and then got a CEO position at a major company. Soon after, you married Amanda, a gorgeous brunette you met in university.

For the past three months, you have been involved in the opening of a new office across the ocean. Yeah, you kind of like to take charge of things personally. During this time, you were rarely at home and saw little of your wife. But now you have plenty of time... to deal with the problems at headquarters.

In your mind: I should definitely think about taking a break.

You dry your face and return to the cabin. Near the exit, you see a stewardess holding your minimal luggage.

Stewardess: Good luck, Mr. Jett.

You get off the plane. A car is waiting for you, the driver standing by, hands in his pockets.

You take the keys and let the driver go. The night is warm, so you lower the roof of the car, letting the night air rush in.

You leave the airport and take the county road. Your mansion is outside of town, in the middle of the forest that covers the small mountains surrounding the city. You pass a sign pointing the way to the lake and realize that you have no more than ten minutes to drive.

In your mind: I hope I don’t miss that damn turn again.

In fact, you only drove past the right turn once, a week after you bought the mansion. However, that incident left such an unpleasant impression in your memory that you think of it every time you drive that stretch of highway. You even slow down to avoid making another mistake.

Finally, you get to the right turn, and a couple minutes later you drive into the mansion's grounds. Judging by the lack of light on the second floor, your wife is already asleep. So you drive the car into the garage and cautiously enter the mansion.

You go up to the second floor and enter the bedroom. After undressing, you walk over to the bed and look at your sleeping wife for a while.

As if sensing your gaze, Amanda rolls over onto her back and exhales loudly. Deciding not to wake her, you lie down next to her.

You wake up with a weird feeling. Something is pressing down on your legs and a strange tremor is going through your body.

You open your eyes and see your wife. Her head bobbing up and down while she sucks your cock. You raise yourself, leaning on your elbows, and your eyes meet hers.

Mark: Good morning here!

She doesn't bother to respond. She doesn't even slow down her pace, but you see her smile with her eyes. You reach for her head and run your fingers through her hair in an attempt to guide her, but she just shakes her head, giving you a hint - don't interfere! Her fingers wrap around the shaft and start stroking it. It lasts for a few blissful minutes before the woman eventually pulls your cock out of her mouth. Her tongue makes a few whirling motions around the tip.

Amanda: You have no idea how much I missed you!

You feel a slight blip of remorse, after all, you promised Amanda you'd be back two weeks early.

Mark: Baby, you know I wanted to get back as soon as possible. But things didn't go according to plan.

Amanda: I understand perfectly well, honey. And I know how to help you forget your past problems.

She giggles and returns to sucking your cock. She tries to swallow your dick as deep as possible, but your size does not give in to her. Despite this, her efforts are enough to bring you to orgasm.

The woman lifts up, and you start painting her breasts with your semen. Several shots hit her in the face, and Amanda gathers your cum with her fingers and then suck them greedily. When you're finished, she leans in to you cock again and starts cleaning it with her tongue. You can feel how blood begins pumping back into your drooping cock, and she notices it.

Amanda: I see you're ready for more.

She starts to push you, obviously wanting to get you back to bed and ride you, but you stop her.

Mark: I'm sorry, baby. I really have to show up to my company today.

Amanda pouts her lips.

Amanda: Maybe they can manage without you for one more day?

You pull her close and kiss her.

Mark: I promise I'll be all yours this evening.

Amanda: All right, all right. I think I can wait until tonight.

Amanda gets up from the bed.

Amanda: I'm gonna take a shower.

You watch her walk to the bathroom, swaying her ass.

In your mind: It's time to get up.










end

